[Wrangler] Mark v1-specific tutorials with warning banner (#6925)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/_partials/_tutorials-wrangler-v1-warning.md

---
_build:
  publishResources: false
  render: never
  list: never
---

{{<Aside type="warning">}}

> This tutorial was developed with Wrangler v1, which has now been deprecated. Please see [Migration to Wrangler v2](/workers/wrangler-legacy/migration/) for instructions on how to upgrade to the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial was developed with Wrangler v1, which has now been deprecated. Refer to [Migration to Wrangler v2](/workers/wrangler-legacy/migration/) for instructions on how to upgrade to the latest version.
```

Reviewer: I can't approve this on GH as I don't have cf-docs repo access at the moment, but approved with comment :)

> This tutorial was developed with Wrangler v1, which has now been deprecated. Please see this [Migration guide](/workers/wrangler/migration/migrating-from-wrangler-1/) for instructions on how to migrate to the latest version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial was developed with Wrangler 1, which has now been deprecated. Refer to [Migrate from Wrangler 1](/workers/wrangler/migration/migrating-from-wrangler-1/) for instructions on how to migrate to the latest version of Wrangler.
```

Author: @deadlypants1973 as part of the wrangler 1 deprecation effort we are moving away from "wrangler 1" and "wrangler 2" nomenclature to "wrangler v1" (or "version 1 of wrangler") and "wrangler v2" (or "version 2 of wrangler"). the bulk of the wording updates is captured in https://github.com/cloudflare/cloudflare-docs/pull/6934
